Make SDK Next JS docs clearer (#50068)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/sdk/config.md

```typescript
const config = defineEmbeddingSdkConfig({
  metabaseInstanceUrl: "https://metabase.example.com", // Required: Your Metabase instance URL

>   authProviderUri: "https://app.example.com/sso/metabase", // Required: An endpoint in your app that signs the user in and delivers a token

Author: Fix typo

>   authProviderUri: "https://app.example.com/sso/metabase", // Required: An endpoint in your app that signs the user in and delivers a token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  authProviderUri: "https://app.example.com/sso/metabase", // Required: An endpoint in your app that signs the user in and returns a session
```
The endpoint signs the jwt token, sends it and returns a session. I'm not sure what "delivers a token" was originally meant to mean I find it confusing

Author: That's a good point.

Author: Fixed in 2aec4fada90030dc63b95491bf76764fabcba18e
